Update Gradle command line docs (#260)
openrewrite/rewrite-docs: reference/gradle-plugin-configuration.md

![Example of changes made to netflix conductor by the rewriteRun task](../.gitbook/assets/rewrite-fix-git-diff-output.png)

### JVM args that can be added to the Gradle command line

It is possible to control the active recipe and style using JVM arguments in the command line.

* To change the active recipe, you can specify: `activeRecipe`, `activeRecipes`, `rewrite.activeRecipe`, or `rewrite.activeRecipes` (all of them do the same thing and take the same input).

> * To change the style, you can specify: `activeStyle`, `activeStyles`, `rewrite.activeStyle`, or `rewrite.activeStyles` (all of them do the same thing and take the same input).

Reviewer: Let's standardize to only use the `rewrite.` ones; we already had a community member propose to standardize in
- https://github.com/openrewrite/rewrite-maven-plugin/pull/712

Author: @timtebeek Should I include both `rewrite.activeRecipe` and `rewrite.activeRecipes`?

Reviewer: Probably good, yeah, to signify that folks can pass in one or more recipes.

> Here's an example of what this might look like if you were ran [rewriteRun with an init script](/running-recipes/running-rewrite-on-a-gradle-project-without-modifying-the-build.md):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example of what this might look like if you were to use [rewriteRun with an init script](/running-recipes/running-rewrite-on-a-gradle-project-without-modifying-the-build.md):
```

{% code overflow="wrap" %}
```bash

> gradle rewriteRun --init-script init.gradle -Drewrite.activeRecipe=org.openrewrite.FindSpringUses -Drewrite.activeStyle=com.yourorg.YesTabsNoStarImports

Reviewer: I think it might be safest if we don't pass in a style be default; we have detection, and that works better than having something enforced be default that's unlikely to match. We can suggest `-Drewrite.activeStyle` as a footnoot to this code block.
